[VASH]
So this is a space colony?
[REM]
That's right, Vash.
We left Earth 200 years ago
in search of a new home.
[KNIVES] Like a Western.
Life on the frontier!
[VASH]
Huh?
[KNIVES] You know, where
cowboys fight for justice
and beat the bad guys?
Heh. Bang, bang!
That kinda stuff
just isn't for me.
And here we are.
Look you, two.
Project SEEDS means hope.
A future for humans
and plants alike.
[VASH] How come we're the only
ones that can live outside
the bubble tank thing?
[REM] Nobody can say for sure,
but my theory is that
you're a bridge between
plants and humanity.
I believe God sent you here to
help us figure each other out.
[KNIVES]
We're like angels.
[VASH] I wonder if we can
get along with humans.
[REM]
Don't worry.
No matter what may happen,
I'll protect you boys.
[KNIVES, VASH gasp]
I promise you.
[KNIVES] The arms of an
Independent shall carry
this broken world
into a new order!
Behold the genesis of paradise!
[RADIO HOST] This is a
Satellite News Flash from
November Public Broadcasting!
The unknown object that sprouted
up out of nowhere in central
JuLai earlier tonight
has engulfed the city!
[WOLFWOOD sighs]
So this is how it ends.
[CONRAD]
Knives made it.
He's on the other
side of the gate.
[MERYL]
The other side of the gate?
[CONRAD] The higher plane
contains dimensions
mankind cannot possibly fathom.
What we do know is that
there he can reach the core.
[CONRAD] This will allow him
to artificially impregnate
the plants, thus creating
new independents.
They'll be born much
like he and Vash were.
[CONRAD] The final step in
the creation of his new world
is to eradicate mankind.
[MERYL gasps]
So you're saying that if his
plan works out, we'll all die?
C'mon, Vash! Wake up, already!
There's no point.
That's not who you knew.
Vash the Stampede is no more.
[CONRAD]
Accept it.
The gate is open and being
sustained by his power.
The only way you could close
it now would be to destroy it.
To do that,
you'd have to kill Vash.
No way.
Finally...
[KNIVES]
I can feel it!
This power has lain dormant
inside you, but now they'll see!
[MALE SOLDIER A] JuLai
requesting immediate backup
from the Alliance of Cities!
[MALE SOLDIER B]
Any ideas?
[MALE SOLDIER C]
I got nothing!
[MALE SOLDIER D]
It's not stopping!
[ZAZIE]
Oh, you're not going to run?
At this rate, the twins will
take the whole planet.
[WOLFWOOD]
Well, look at that.
Not everyday
I see you flustered.
Your big plan didn't work out?
[ZAZIE scoffs]
Poor little human.
If you had a network like mine,
you wouldn't have to be worried
about your imminent demise.
We aren't all blessed
to be a Worm.
[ZAZIE]
Have a nice death, Punisher.
Yeah, yeah.
[MERYL pants] The only...
one that can stop Knives is...
[CONRAD] He has been reborn!
He's a plant, now.
[VASH, PLANTS humming]
[MERYL gasps]
[CONRAD] Human words
don't mean a thing to him.
Not anymore.
But what's he doing?
What's he trying to start?
[gasps]
[CONRAD] Run, girl,
it'll swallow you whole!
[MERYL]
Don't you give up on me!
It's you, Vash! The only one who
can hope to stop him is you!
Wake up!
[MERYL grunts]
[MERYL]
I know you can hear me!
[CONRAD] She doesn't
know when to quit... Hm?
[KNIVES]
How pathetic.
You'd let that parasite
feed off of you?
This power is ours alone.
No human can touch it!
[grunts]
Wake up! Please, Vash!
[VASH humming]
[KNIVES]
What's that song?
[VASH]
I don't really know.
It just comes to me sometimes
and helps me calm down.
I feel like I learned
it a long time ago.
[KNIVES]
Hm?
[VASH]
Hey, Nai? Be honest.
Do you think that we can
get along with humans?
Don't worry. Whatever happens,
I'll protect you.
Huh?
[REM]
Vash... Vash?
[VASH gasps]
I promised, remember?
Hey...
No! You aren't the one
that said that to me!
[grunts]
[gasps] The one who
said that was--
[KNIVES]
Vash.
[VASH gasps]
[KNIVES] You'll be so much
happier if you stay here.
Please, brother. Don't go!
Vash! Stop it!
[REM]
Vash... Vash!
Vash.
Vash!
[VASH]
Wait! I'm coming!
Rem!
[REM]
I'm so sorry I left you alone.
But I can't tell you how
happy it makes me
to know I've lived
on through you.
Thank you for protecting
my hopes, my dreams,
my perfect boy.
[REM, MERYL]
Vash!
[MERYL]
Vash! Vash, please! Wake up!
[CONRAD]
What?
The power.
It's flowing in reverse!
[KNIVES grunts, shouts]
[gasps]
I was rejected?
What is this, Doctor?
[CONRAD]
The gate is closing.
The energy's caving
in on itself.
There you are.
[KNIVES]
You think you can beat me?
You disgusting parasite!
[gasps]
[VASH]
Thank you, Meryl.
[gasps]
[VASH]
I heard her voice through you.
[gasps]
[CONRAD]
He's able to control the mass?
By no means should
this be possible!
[MERYL]
Jeez, Vash.
[KNIVES grunts]
You fool.
[VASH] It's over.
Your plan was a failure, Nai.
This ends right now.
[KNIVES] It's not over.
Not until I say so!
Give me that!
You hear me? Vash!
[VASH grunts]
Take me back! Right now!
[KNIVES]
Take me to the higher plane!
[KNIVES yells]
[CONRAD]
Hm? The energy is stable?
It was refined on
a molecular level.
He broke the matter into
particles smaller than air,
and was somehow able
to crystallize them.
But that form won't
hold for long!
[VASH] Let me go!
I've gotta get it out of here!
[KNIVES grunts] Do you even
know what that is, Vash?
[KNIVES grunts]
[VASH gasps]
[KNIVES gasps]
[MERYL pants]
Vash, wait!
[CONRAD]
Hold on!
[KNIVES, VASH grunting]
[MERYL gasping, shouting]
[MERYL]
Huh? Undertaker?
[WOLFWOOD] I had to pay
grandpa back somehow.
[WOLFWOOD] Gotta be a real moron
to take on Knives like that.
But you and I know better,
don't we? Time to go!
[KNIVES]
Do you see now?
Our powers are on a
whole different level!
You think those puny humans
could ever accept that?
They'll eat you alive, brother!
Look around.
That which threatens mankind
doesn't get to survive!
They would hunt us down,
one by one.
[MERYL yells]
[grunts]
[MERYL gasps]
[VASH grunts]
Give this back to me!
[KNIVES, VASH grunting]
[VASH yells]
[VASH gasps]
[MALE SOLDIER E]
There he is!
[MALE SOLDIER F]
Got eyes on the Typhoon!
[VASH]
Oh, great. Leave! Hurry!
You've gotta get out of here!
It's for your own good!
Trust me!
[VASH gasps, grunts]
[VASH panting]
It's not safe here.
You gotta run away!
Your lives are in danger!
[MALE SOLDIER G]
Now's our chance! Open fire!
[MALE SOLDIER H]
If you hadn't shown up,
nobody would have died!
[MALE SOLDIER I]
How many more cities will burn
before you're through?
[MALE SOLDIER J]
Time's up, Typhoon!
[VASH]
Please, run.
He'll kill you. Run away!
[gasps]
[KNIVES] I told you, Vash.
Our power is too immense.
They will never
hope to understand.
They are not your friends
and not your family.
They're the enemy.
[VASH]
You're wrong.
I know... I know that
we can live in peace!
You're nothing but a hypocrite!
Your very existence
is a contradiction!
[VASH gasps]
[VASH] You think I haven't
realized that yet?
I don't care!
I won't stop until
they believe in me.
I'll prove myself to them!
I'm ready to do
whatever I have to!
I don't care what happens to me!
[shouts]
[yells]
[yelling]
[MERYL]
Knew it.
Outer space, that's where he's
gonna release all the energy.
What the hell? Jeez, Blondie!
You'll blast yourself to pieces!
[grunting]
Trying to release
it into space?
I won't let you!
[grunt]
[KNIVES]
Doctor! Cut off the lab!
Set them all free!
[CONRAD]
Huh?
[VASH] Let go, Nai!
I can't hold it back anymore!
It'll destroy the planet,
and the plants with it!
What are you planning to do?
The gate is closed now!
I can't send you back.
There's no way!
[KNIVES] I'll use this energy
and push it back into Vash!
I'll pry the entrance to
the higher plane open!
Vash, you.. you fool!
Forget the scum,
and give it to me!
[KNIVES]
We're out of time!
Listen to me, brother.
This is a war!
Let's gather our allies.
Leave humanity and
start to build our paradise,
a world where we are free!
That is the only way!
Who are you?
We've grown so different
that I don't think I
even know you anymore!
[KNIVES grunts]
And who are you?
You adore them.
Yet they work us into the grave
and don't care when we die!
You and I?
The humans will never understand
our Independence, Vash. Never!
They will only ever see
us as their slaves!
[VASH]
That isn't true!
[KNIVES]
Wake up, already!
Nothing has changed since
that day all those years ago!
[VASH]
You're wrong.
[KNIVES] How long will
you remain the hunted?
[VASH]
I don't care if they hunt me!
I'll just run away!
I'll run, and I'll run,
and I'll keep on running
for another lifetime,
if I have to!
[gasps]
But after everything calms down,
I'll always go
back to their side.
There's... no choice.
'Cause I'm Vash the Stampede.
[KNIVES gasps]
[KNIVES] More than a century
to make an excuse...
[KNIVES laughs] ...and that's
the best you come up with?
Let go! I can't hold on to it!
[VASH grunting, yelling]
[gasps]
[VASH]
Move, Nai!
[KNIVES grunts]
[VASH]
It'll kill you!
[KNIVES grunting]
[grunting, laughing]
Don't be silly, now, brother.
Nai has long been dead.
You should know,
for you killed him.
[KNIVES]
Give it to me!
[KNIVES yells]
Take me back.
[VASH]
Please, Nai, stop!
I will see it through!
I'll make my world!
Nai!
No pain, and no more fear!
I was almost there.
I'll win it someday.
A home... for you and me.
A paradise... for us.
Nai... Nai!
[RADIO HOST] Today marks
the two-year anniversary
of the July 21st tragedy.
A crowd has gathered at what was
once the mighty third city to
pay their respects to those who
weren't lucky enough to make it
out alive.
Two years later, and the pain
of losing their loved ones
has yet to subside.
[RADIO HOST] Two years later,
and the suspected murderer
of ninety percent of JuLai's
population remains at large.
Vash the Stampede is on the run.
Hell, if I were the demon who
turned the city into a crater,
I would hide my face, too.
I doubt the mob of mourners
gathered today are
quick to forgive.
[RADIO HOST] The Alliance of
Cities has raised the bounty
on the Humanoid Typhoon to
60 billion double dollars,
the highest amount in all
of Noman's Land history.
[ZAZIE]
I'll never understand your kind.
How did they make Vash out
to be the villain, here?
What are you doing here?
[ZAZIE] Thanks to the twins, a
bridge was cast across the void.
I'm just here to give a warning.
Soon, they'll cross over the
wall of light and arrive here.
All the way from Earth.
[ZAZIE laughs] Just know
we're always watching you.
Huh? Why me?
[MERYL'S BOSS ] Come in, Stryfe!
Where are you?
[MERYL]
Yeah, about that. JuLai.
[MERYL'S BOSS]
Keep acting up,
and they'll send you to
the Insurance Society!
[MERYL]
Please, spare me.
[MERYL'S BOSS]
Stop by headquarters.
You're training the new recruit.
[MERYL]
Am I, now?
[MERYL'S BOSS]
Not my choice.
The weirdo asked
to be under you.
[MERYL]
A newbie.
[MERYL'S BOSS] I think her
name is Tom? Thompson?
Yeah, Milly Thompson,
or something like that.
Yeah, yeah.
[MERYL'S BOSS] Oh. Hello?
Are you listening?
Stryfe? Stryfe!
Are you there?
Hey, newbie!
[piano notes play]
[LINA]
Remember anything yet?
It's okay if not.
You can take your time.
By the looks of it,
you've been through a lot.
But that's all over now.
You're safe here with us.
You know that, right, Eriks?
[MALE VOICE A] Project Pieces of
Earth, now entering Phase Two.
Drain gate deployment complete.
Releasing warp drive craft.
[CHRONICA]
Wait.
[MALE VOICE A]
Suspending countdown.
Locking command.
Cutting power to spheres
one through four.
[CHRONICA] Amplify the
Z-axis by 2.7 million.
There's a fluctuation
in the gate.
[MALE VOICE A]
Fluctuation. Really?
[CHRONICA] We're receiving
something via subspace.
Give me readings from
the entire solar system.
[MALE VOICE A]
Understood.
Right away, Lieutenant Colonel
Independent Chronica.
[CHRONICA] It seems the
noise is from-- Impossible!
Project SEEDS?